that's exactly what Manfredi and Johnson
said back in Ecuador we buried what was
left of them with the teaspoon Manfredi
and Johnson were cute naive well man
Freddy was the cute one till the little
Nairobi surprise part don't test me Rico
if I have to take out one of my own I'll
do it
just ask Manfredi and Johnson look what
happened that freedom Johnson when they
fell hard for those chinstrap sisters
they lost their hearts along 15 feet of
intestine well why do we ask Manfredi
and Johnson oh we can't cuz they fell
for the old exploding elephant foot was
it easy for Manfredi and Johnson when
that undersea escape tunnel turned out
to be the business end of a beluga whale
they couldn't even speak for a month and
even then it was gibberish Manfredi and
Johnson thought so what was left of them
came home in a manila envelope from
Manila ironically try Manfredi and
Johnson with a Chinese lantern and six
bottles of rocket fuel worse talent show
ever private you should be we've been
pretty Johnson you know what if they
went down there remember what happened
to Manfredi and Johnson the order was to
smother them with affection Manfredi and
Johnson I can't wait to see this
knuckleheads private was a first-class
soldier but I don't expect to miss him
any more than I miss McReady
Oh Johnson our private Manfredi and
Johnson and the day spa incident oh yes
what's a relaxing way to go I told you
there's only two ways out of this unit
the way men fraidy tips the way Johnson
took
yep like that that's just what Manfredi
and Johnson asked me six hours before
they washed up inside a thimble on
Ventnor Avenue no penguin gets left
behind that's why what about them Frida
okay
one penguin gets left behind and Johnson
maybe two penguins get left behind
Oh comparatively few penguins get left
behind all right hey hey Freddy yeah
what's that Johnson was that skipper and
the guys
guys who made Hoboken look like the
French Riviera let's never go there
again